feat: Allow marking spam as read via a sieve filter (ENV `MARK_SPAM_AS_READ=1`) (#3489)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/environment.md

- 0 => Spam messages will be delivered in the mailbox.
- **1** => Spam messages will be delivered in the `Junk` folder.

##### MARK_SPAM_AS_READ

> When enabled, e-mails marked with the
> 
> 1. `X-Spam: Yes` header added by Rspamd
> 2. `X-Spam-Flag: YES` header added by SpamAssassin (requires [`SPAMASSASSIN_SPAM_TO_INBOX=1`](#spamassassin_spam_to_inbox))
> 
> will be automatically marked as read and will not trigger any client notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable to treat received spam as "read" (_avoids notification to MUA client of new mail_).

Mail is received as spam when it has been marked with either header:

1. `X-Spam: Yes` (_by Rspamd_)
2. `X-Spam-Flag: YES` (_by SpamAssassin - requires [`SPAMASSASSIN_SPAM_TO_INBOX=1`](#spamassassin_spam_to_inbox)_)
```
